leg of lamb the king of all joints sweet
tender very rich and absolutely
delicious a must have for every dining
table get your butcher to bone it out
and butterfly it basically so you can
tie it and roast it
season
Olive Oyl
means use it in abundance it's fresh
it's fragrant smells amazing goat cheese
the mints perfumes the inside of the
land and the goat cheese just sort of
makes this end nice and creamy garlic
[Music]
first of all a big loop around the lamb
that needs all these shape get a nice
length of string tie and knot right the
very top underneath and leave it coming
out here the secret I knit this shape
has to cook it evenly and look beautiful
rosemary
season gets the skin really nice and
crispy
olive oil stops a string from burning so
therefore it won't burst open when it's
in the oven
bingo rows 35 minutes
Cobb
he meant vinaigrette
that has confirmed is definitely the
king of roast roast leg of lamb with
goat cheese and mint
done